Do your customers care about price?
>> Oh boy. Um,
they do. I've been thinking about this a
lot. So, I I was I was, you know, it's
the end of the year, so I'm doing
numbers and and all those things you
have to do when you have investors. Um,
and I was looking at the price of French
fries specifically, and we've been noted
for the French fries and and the beef
tallow fries and the best fries in DC
and whatever. Um, and I think they're on
the menu right now for 12 bucks an
order. Um, and I was looking at an old
menu of mine from a restaurant, you
know, in 2019, and they were on the same
fries. I've been making the same fries
forever. They were on the menu for nine
bucks an order, and I was like, "Wow,
they, you know, really gone up. 12 bucks
is kind of expensive for an order of
fries. Like, is there any room for
this?"
>> Um, and I started sort of digging into
the price of goods and and the labor
involved. And realized that like if I
wanted the same sort of margins on that
$9 order of fries that I have on my now
$12 order fries, they would actually be
25 bucks.
>> Wow. So like we've just sort of like the
the the cost of goods is like
eviscerated sort of the margins on that.
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the OddLotss podcast. I'm Joe Weisenthal
>> and I'm Tracy Aloway.
>> Tracy, we were down in DC uh several
weeks ago. We were at that IIAF
conference and uh we had a great meal
when we were in town.
>> We did indeed.
>> A really good meal.
>> Yeah. We went to a place called
Butterwarts which is getting a lot of
buzz has been getting a lot of buzz for
a while and sort of serves I don't want
to say farmtot because that's not really
it but like an emphasis on organic
maybe like rarer cuts of meat. I
remember we had bone marrow
>> which you love.
>> I love bone marrow. First time I ever
ate bone marrow was at an all you can
eat buffet in Las Vegas and it so it
wasn't even the best bone marrow but
like I ended up with a mountain of empty
bones on my plate.
>> I think both of us like like sort of
rich fatty foods.
>> Well, it's I always say it's like
sucking the life force out of an animal.
It's animal essence.
>> We had really good fries which famously
and we'll probably get beef tallow no
seed oils. Very uh very very hip.
I'm pretty sure we had uh something with
fogra, which I love. I I think I seem to
recall there was some left on the plate
and I was like, "Does anyone want this?
Does it can I take this bite? Can I take
this bite?" I I cannot resist uh fogra.
Anyway, it was a really good meal. I
love doing um restaurant episodes period
because or talk about the food industry
because if you want to understand the
economy both in the sort of short term
like where we are in the cycle with food
costs and labor costs and uh how you
know free spending people are there a
great snapshot and any given time there
are just this perfect combination of
labor cost inputs and rent which is like
the whole economy there. There's also
the supply chain issue, right? And we
did that whole episode on Cisco, the
dominant food supplier to restaurants in
America. I doubt Butterworths uses Cisco
for obvious reasons, but like where they
actually source their ingredients is a
really interesting topic,
>> right? This is what I say, which is that
like they're this perfect combination of
the snapshot at the moment and then the
big structural things of how the economy
works across the cycle. So, I really
like restaurant episodes. There's also
an interesting cultural element in this
and like everything is cultural and
political nowadays
>> including the restaurant business
because Butterwarts has been described
as a sort of right-wing MAGA hangout. So
we should talk about that too.
>> Yeah. I'm fascinated by the DC scene
because I was like oh they're like
Democrat bars, Republican bars. I don't
do they mix.
>> You got to declare your political
allegiance [laughter] before you walk
in. It's so and actually there's
something really profound here because I
feel like this is happening to brands of
all types, right? Is this the right
coded brand or the leftcoded brand etc.
But in DC
>> people have to choose sides.
>> You have to choose sides. Um but anyway,
it's funny you know because we were
there and our producer Kell is like um
we should go to Butterwart. I was like
oh there's the Maga restaurant. Great. I
want to check it out. But when you go
in, you know, it's not like there's you
wouldn't know it. Let's say from the
>> people aren't wearing red hats and
stuff,
>> but you would never know it at all. You
would never like at least the night we
were there. I didn't see any like White
House notables that I recognized,
although apparently they do hang out
there from time to time, but it's not
like designed. It looks just like a very
nice normal restaurant. A real a good a
great dining room. So,
>> well, there is a bit of a clubhouse
element to it. We should talk about the
overall design because it is pretty
unique as well.
>> Well, when I tweeted, I was like, "Oh,
we had a great meal at Butterwarts on
Twitter." All these people respond
because, you know, apparently whatever.
Anyway, we made the connection with uh
the uh chef um and owner of the
restaurant, Bart Hutchkins. We really do
have the perfect guest there for to talk
about Butterworth. We're going to be
speaking with Bart Hutchkins. Bart,
thank you so much for uh coming on the
Outlaws podcast.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me, guys.
>> What does it mean? What's a MAGA
restaurant? [snorts]
>> Oh god, where do we start? um
>> is it a do you think of it if when when
you see in the media it's like oh this
is like do you conceive of it the same
way that it's written about what does
that mean in your head
>> so so the the the history of restaurants
more or less doesn't include DC like
when we think of the great American
restaurants they happen sort of in LA or
they happen in New York and so you think
about like Spago in the 80s I guess um
and what people talk about when they
talk about Spago is like this actor was
there that actor was there whatever And
then when you talk about the great
restaurants of New York, you talk about
this um model ate there, this actor ate
there, this bank person ate there, this
like important person ate there.
[snorts] And so in DC, the version of
that now that sort of politics are pop
culture is like what politicians are
eating at these restaurants. And that
sort of becomes what you're known for.
And so early on we were on the hill. Um
and so we developed a following among
the new administration that came in like
two months after we opened. And so now
it is a MAGA restaurant because that's
like an interesting way to talk about
the restaurant um because they're there.
And so it's this like your your your
notability is like who's in the dining
room. Um and so early on we had a lot of
customers from the administration from
like Scott Besson to Mark Rubio, Steve
Bannon, whatever it may be. Um and so a
as that sort of developed it became the
MAGA restaurant. But like if if if we
did what we did at Butterworth well in
New York, it would be like the I don't
know if if we did it somewhere near Wall
Street, it would be like the Wall Street
restaurant. So I I'm not entirely like
it'd be like, you know, just one quick
thing followup. When anyone launches an
establishment in DC, do they have to
sort of think about this question of
sort of which side is a which side will
be aligned with this restaurant in terms
of like the market opportunity?
>> No, it's relatively new. It was it was a
it was a binary sort of in the '7s '8s
90s of like you you had political
customers or you didn't. Right? So there
was a very famous uh restaurant in in in
downtown DC in the 70s called Sansusi.
It was like this French restaurant and
the entire administration all the
administrations went there you know all
these things. Um and Mc Jagger showed up
one day and he wasn't wearing a proper
sports coat so they kicked him out. But
it was a political place like you had to
look like you sort of belonged there. Um
and so there was there was political
restaurants or non-political restaurants
and it was it was a lot about proximity
and how close you were to these various
buildings. Um but but this like uh
declaring everything sort of right or
left is very new um and and odd.
>> I want to go back to something you said.
I'm kind of surprised that Washington DC
didn't develop more of a food scene
given that, you know, I think about it
as a political city for obvious reasons.
A lot of politics is about, you know,
being seen with the right people and uh
appearing important. And so, it's kind
of surprising to me that it didn't
develop more of these like seen and be
seen restaurants.
>> Yeah. I I it's it's strange when we when
we started the place this was sort of
explicitly an aim like the the dining
room is designed to not hide anyone
right like you will be seen and and be
seen like there's no there's no hiding
place. Um that was a big part of the
business model because I was looking at
Spago and and a couple other places in
New York from the 80s and thinking
through that process. [snorts] Um, I I
think maybe the answer to DC is like it
was more of a house party thing and
there's always been sort of like the
gentleman's clubs and the private clubs
and like the Georgetown scene was a you
bring in a chef and do a party at your
house. Like there was it was always like
behind closed doors. It's a very like
the smokefield room thing exists for a
reason, right? Like DC is a town that
likes to hide itself.
>> Yeah. It is interesting to think like
you read stories about DC and all the
legendary things that be like you know
some some editor at the Washington Post
or something like that were famous for
their cocktail parties and everyone was
there. So it is true it does feel like
the places where people congregated did
tend to be these more like private
entities. Just one more question though.
It is not quite true that it's like oh
you opened the restaurant before the new
administration and they started out. I
mean your one of your co-owners I think
is like um affiliated with Breitbart UK.
I mean there are
>> Mr. Butterworth it's named after him.
>> There are there are political roots to
the restaurant, right? Totally. I mean
this this is part of being in DC. We
have six investors. Um I think two the
third one I would have to ask because
he's like a tech bro so you you never
know where they align but two of them
are pretty solidly like classic libs.
Um, and a few of them are pretty pretty
like MAGA adjacent conservatives. Um, I
will say the the one you're talking
about, Raheem Casam, um, he used to work
with Steve Bannon, was the Breitbart
editor in London. Um, he's done a lot of
work with the administration. Um,
one of our investors,
when we started, when we opened the
place, you sort of invite all your
friends and family and that's how you
sort of get the business going. And it
turns out he was just way better at it
than the rest of us, right? So like the
first night we were open there's like 60
reservations and I'm pretty sure like 45
of them were from Raheem and so the mag
thing did sort of generate in that way.
>> How difficult is it to get investors for
a restaurant business in general but
also specifically in DC?
>> Yeah. Um it's like it's a terrible
investment, right? Like if you're if
you're listening to this for financial
advice, don't do it.
>> Yeah. They say never open a restaurant
and I imagine they also say never invest
in a restaurant,
>> right? So, if if you're if you're
looking to make money off an investment,
never invest in a restaurant. Um, if
you're looking to sort of build for
yourself a um a place to be, to always
have the good table, to invite your
friends, to have something to talk about
at dinner parties, it's one of the best
investments, right? Like there's nothing
more interesting than sort of like
what's going on and and there's nothing
more convenient than like not having to
host at your own house and and to be
able to say, "Oh, like come to my
restaurant, sit at my table." That part
of it is great. Um, but as a as a
business investment, it's like the
worst, especially postco. Like the
Martins are are are joke.
>> Let's talk about the menu. We I mean uh
the whole team came, everyone loved the
meal. Like how do you go about the
process of sort of conceptualizing the
overall menu, a goal for the menu?
>> Yeah. So ours specifically is working
with farmers. So I have a a host of
farmers that I've been working with as a
chef for I guess a decade now. Most of
them are the the sort of Pennsylvania
Amish and Meninites. So, you know, um
these sort of not technologically
plugged in folks. Um and so it's I get a
call from them on Mondays. They go,
"This is sort of what's coming out of
the ground this week. These are which
animals are being slaughtered. Which
ones do you want?" And then those
products come in and the menu is based
off of that, which sort of um doesn't
really allow you to have the same dish
on the menu every single day, which is a
classic sort of trope of the restaurant
industry. If you're like in culinary
school or whatever, they'll sort of say
like consistency is super important. You
should have the same dish prepared the
same way every time because if it
becomes somebody favorite and they can't
come get it next week, they'll be super
mad and they'll stop being your
customer. But what that does is sort of
create a sort of leans into a global
supply chain where you like you have to
have uh bananas every single
uh day if you have a bananas foster, but
like bananas are not growing year round
unless you're willing to sort of go
across the globe and then you're dealing
with shipping and the product's not as
fresh and and all of these sort of
problems. So what we do is we work with
these farmers and whatever's coming out
of the ground at that time is what we're
doing. And so in the summer when there's
a ton of tomatoes, we're getting all the
tomatoes in that we can. And what we're
not selling and using, we're canning to
make to tomato sauce in the winter when
there's no tomatoes. Like that's a
really sort of good way to work around
not having produce in the winter. Um but
other than that, we're sort of um
obligated to and constrained by what's
actually coming out of the ground at
that time.
>> Is it true that you don't serve burgers
because you don't want everyone to just
go into the restaurant and order a
burger all the time?
>> The the burger conundrum is is
>> the burger conundrum. I love that.
burger conundrum is the is the bane of
my existence. So, um I had a restaurant
three blocks from Butterworth years ago
called Bucherurts. It was it was a lot
like Butterworth but smaller. Um and we
did a burger because that was, you know,
it's good money at the time. Um and it
quickly became like one of those like,
oh, this is best burger in DC, really
popular burger. And so then you you do
this like really interesting dish with
pheasant or you know, whatever. And you
work really hard on it and you're so
excited and you can't wait people to try
it. and then you sell 30 burgers in a
night and then you're done. And so the
the problem with a burger is not that
it's it's bad economics or that it's a
bad dish. I love burgers as much as
anyone. The problem is if you do it
well, it's it's the only thing you
become capable of selling uh because
it's so self-explanatory and it's it's
so desirable. Um, and so if you want to
sort of work with all these products, if
you want to be able to like sort of sell
bone marrow or you want to be able to
sell these game birds or you want to be
able to sell this weird vegetable, you
can't have a burger because it just
dominates the entire menu.
>> This actually reminds me of the podcast
industry, right? Because often like some
of our best episodes, I would argue some
of our episodes that get the best
feedback
>> come in lower in terms of downloads than
some that I I am not such a fan of.
>> No, this is really interesting. I had
never thought about this. If you have
any, I guess, signature item, it has
this crowding out effect. The moment you
have a great burger and it gets on the
bus, I was like, "Oh, we all show up.
Got to order the best burger in DC cuz
we're here." Then what is the point of
invest? I had never thought about this
phenomenon,
>> the curse of the burger.
>> The curse of the burger, but how it's
like, okay, what? Hey, what about all
this other great uh stuff that we have?
Talk to us about um the
>> audience capture for ground beef,
>> the uh the [laughter]
supply chain. How did Okay, so you
talked to the farmers in Pennsylvania,
etc. How does it get there? What are the
type who are the entities that um sort
of that actually deliver the food and
how built out is that? Who are these
companies and so forth that actually
make this distribution happen?
>> So, I'm I'm a psycho and I try to avoid
the the like quote unquote larger supply
chain at all costs. So, the the the
actual way that the produce in and most
of the meat gets to the restaurant is a
is a literal Amish Amish guy with like a
hat and the beard and everything shows
up at 7. He's like one of the few people
that has the key box code to the
restaurant. Um because he refuses to be
in DC during the day because there's too
much traffic and it's too loud. He says
fair enough.
>> Um so he comes in early, comes in the
restaurant, drops it all off, we show
up, it's there. Um for a lot of
restaurants, it is sort of Cisco and and
a couple other really large companies
that are that are doing this procurement
and then a huge tractor trailer shows
up. Um and these are sort of
commoditized and like they're pretty
standard across the industry. But if you
if you want to break out of that, you're
dealing with like a guy with a Ford
F-150 and a um and a trailer.
>> I know you said you had these farmer
relationships from your previous
experience as a restaurant owner, but
how do you actually go about finding and
identifying potential suppliers,
especially in the Amish and Menanite
community, because you know, I imagine
they're not necessarily posting ads
online or something like that.
No, [snorts] they have a landline that
they're only allowed to use in the barn
for one of them. Um the so in the
earlier days now now that there's sort
of an economy for this um because the
the farm-totable thing happened. Um but
in the early days before before that was
sort of industry of in and of itself. Um
the the trick was you would go to
farmers markets like act the same one
that you would go to on a Saturday
morning or whatever. Um and you would
talk to the farmer and you would sort of
say like hey these carrots are really
good. I have a restaurant. I want to buy
80 pounds of them every week. Um, can I
get your contact information or whatever
it may be? And then for a lot of those,
um, if you see your favorite farm stall
at the market on Saturdays disappear,
it's because of enough of us are buying
their stuff to where they don't have to
deal with that anymore.
>> It's your fault.
>> It's my fault.
>> I know that for so so you know I you
know I there's farmers markets in my
neighborhood in the East Village. I love
going to a farmers markets. Actually, I
never really thought about farmers
market economics before, but how much
are farmers markets in general about the
revenue that they make there versus like
building some of these connections such
that they have more uh you know a place
to be seen by potentially commercial
clients.
>> Yeah, you should definitely you know
next time you're there ask. Um, but my
understanding is that if you're at the
farmers market, you're sort of at the
beginning of your cycle as a new
company, a new enterprise or the end.
Um, and so I, you know, there was a
farmer that I bought from from a long
time,
um, who did pigs up in Illinois and now
I'm working with a a a closer
distributor in Virginia. Um, but the
last time I saw him, he was at the
farmers market. Um, and he was like,
"Yeah, yeah, this is the only outlet I
have to sell things anymore. Like, we're
on our way out. we're like, we're done.
We're closing up shop. We're we're
selling the farm. Um, and so, you know,
that's sort of this the cycle is either
they're trying to build an audience so
that they can do this wholesale process
or they're they're sort of like this is
their last leg because it's not a great
economic model like being at a farmers
market is is um it's like small potatoes
for them.
>> I know you said that uh the ingredients
and the menu construction was influenced
by seasonality. So what's in season at
any given time? But how much does price
actually influence your decisions? So
you know if a farmer comes in and says I
have trying to think of an expensive
thing fogra I have the best fogra in the
world or something like that but it's
really really expensive. Would you still
buy it? Do your customers care about
price?
>> Oh boy. Um
they do.
>> No no no they do. I I've been thinking
about this a lot. So, I I was I was, you
know, it's the end of the year, so I'm
doing numbers and and all those things
you have to do when you have investors.
Um, and I was looking at the price of
French fries specifically, and we've
been noted for the French fries and and
the beef tallow fries and the best fries
in DC and whatever. Um, and I think
they're on the menu right now for 12
bucks an order. Um, and I was looking at
an old menu of mine from a restaurant,
you know, in 2019, and they were on the
same fries. I've been making the same
fries forever. They were on the menu for
nine bucks an order, and I was like,
"Wow, they, you know, really gone up. 12
bucks is kind of expensive for an order
of fries. Like, is there any room for
this? Um, and I started sort of digging
into the price of goods and and the
labor involved and realized that like if
I wanted the same sort of margins on
that $9 order of fries that I have on my
now $12 order fries, they would actually
be 25 bucks.
>> Wow.
>> So, like we've just sort of like the the
the cost of goods is like eviscerated
sort of the margins on that. And we
found other ways to make it up um
>> um in different areas of the menu or
with private events or whatever,
catering, whatever it may be. Um, but
but
chefs are not inclined to at least like
chefs that are in the kitchen every day
are not inclined to think about the
price of goods because they want the
best product. Like they'll sort of go
they'll sort of stretch their own
margins to get the better product. Um,
if you're if you're eating at a
restaurant where like the chef like the
chef is named on something, you're
getting the the the best product no
matter what it costs because we're just
psychotic and and obsessive in that way.
Um, because we you know they they tend
to be more artists than like economists,
right? So they they they want the thing
to taste as good as they can
specifically because other chefs are
going to come in and eat and be like
this is this is that doodoo fogra from
Cisco or whatever and why why are you
serving that and it's really
embarrassing for you.
>> Wait, do you have specials at the
restaurant?
>> No, because we change the menu every
day. So the special thing is sort of
like designed to allow you to keep the
same menu year round and then like do
the seasonal thing on the weekends or
whatever.
>> I see. Just but um well maybe you could
just this is just a general question. I
think like everyone who read that
Kitchen Confidential became really like
cynical about specials. It's like, "Oh,
this is this is just how the chef gets
rid of the fish that's about to go bad
or whatever." Can you clear up some
misconceptions or con like how real is
that? I don't know. that that book made
me I read it in high school, you know, a
high schooler loves a book like that,
but like um or maybe early college, but
like it it makes you very cynical about
a lot of decisions and this comes out
and it's like, "Oh, this is this is just
a plate of like tomatoes with vinegar
and they called it something fancy."
Like how real is that phenomenon?
>> Yeah. So, two things. Number one, in his
second book, he totally uh Anthony, in
his second book, uh Medium Raw, I think
it was called, he totally regrets
writing that essay. He's like, "This has
been detrimental to the restaurant
industry. I was an idiot. I was really
mad. I'm sorry I wrote that. Um it's not
true." [laughter]
>> Um so the funny thing about Anthony
Bourdain, and this is this is um
he he wasn't like a good chef. He was
like a very normal run-of-the-mill chef.
He was a great writer, a really good
media personality, but like he like if
he lived in Columbus, like he would be
the chef of an Applebee. Like it was a
very like [laughter] like medium the
road like
>> a workman. Like he was a he was a he was
a workman. Um God, that's going to get
clipped. I'm going to look like a jerk.
Um but [laughter] like you know he he uh
and he he would say that himself like he
wasn't like a grand sort of ho chef or
whatever. He he was a workman. He was a
he was a journeyman. And so that is true
at that level. It's totally true. Um,
and all of it's still true to this day.
Like if the fish is starting to go bad
on Friday and you're one of those
restaurants, they are going to toss it
in some vinegrett and put it on a salad
on the brunch menu. That's 100% going to
happen.
>> Um, but the the bar since that essay was
written in the '9s or I think it was the
'9s.
>> Um, the bar for chefs and because of the
whole foodie revolution of the mid as um
the the the lowest level of like chef is
much higher than it was then. like
there's not there's fewer and fewer
journeymen. Um, and there's more and
more people who are into it because
they're like obsessive about the
products and and and sort of
artistically minded in that regard. So,
if you're eating at a restaurant that's
not a chain, um, you know, I wouldn't
worry too much about that stuff because
they Okay. If anything, they're more
inclined to throw it out before you
would even notice because they're just
sort of like they would be ashamed if
they sold a piece of fish that smelled
bad.
>> Yeah. In defense of Anthony Bourdain's
cooking ability, uh his cookbook is
really good and he has an awesome recipe
for lasagna and then a whole like
schedule for doing Thanksgiving dinner
and I follow those religiously. Although
I will admit they're, you know, they're
basic recipes in some sense. They're not
particularly creative, but they're great
and I rely on them. Anyway, you know,
you mentioned the importance of chefs uh
in a restaurant like this. How
competitive are restaurants when it
comes to getting the best chef?
>> Um, extremely. It's like um uh when we
were opening when we were opening
Butterworth, I would go stand out back
of restaurants that I liked um where the
the sort of dumpsters were where people
might take smoke breaks in hopes that I
could talk to the cooks and steal them.
Um, so we we trade talent um and sort of
fight over talent um in extremely
competitive way. Um so much so that uh
there's like serious feuds over it
across cities like in New York, DC, and
LA. There are chefs who hate each other
because they steal each other's cooks.
Particularly if you have like a really
good fast dishwasher and I can have one
dishwasher instead of two. I'm I'm going
to take your dishwasher.
>> Wow.
>> Can I ask you? So, the night that we
were there, um I after I tweeted we were
there and I think maybe you sent maybe
it was via DM and you're like, "Oh, I'm
glad you enjoyed said something like,
"Oh, I'm glad you enjoyed the meal. I
think we had sort of an off night or
something like that." What does that
mean? Like an off night or from the
perspective of the chef because the it
certainly seemed like a very busy night,
etc. Our food was excellent. In your
mind, when you say, "Ah, you know what?
We kind of had an off night." What does
that mean to you?
>> It can mean a few things. that night
specifically, it meant um the it was
very busy that night, but the busyiness
was not spread out. It wasn't like, oh,
there's a table at 6:15 and then another
table at 6:30, then another table. It
was every single table came in at the
exact same time. And so what happens
then is all your production lines get
screwed at the exact same time. So then
there's a huge wave of cocktails and the
bartenders rushing through all the
cocktails because all the cocktail
orders came in at the same time. And
then it moves to the kitchen and the
kitchen's rushing through all the orders
because they all came in at the same
time. Instead of sort of like being
super purposeful and like, okay, I have
10 minutes to do this one and then the
next one's going to come in and then the
next one's going to come in. It's they
all come in at the same time, so you're
rushing through it. Um, and as a result,
like things get sloppy and so that night
specifically, I watched the rhythm of
the restaurant and everyone came in at
the exact same time and I could see the
kitchen getting backed up and tickets
were a little slower than I would like
them to be. Um, and some of the plates
like I was like, "Oo, I wish we had
plated that a little bit differently. I
wish it was a little neater here. Um,
and so when that happens, uh,
reservation systems are are mostly
designed to do that. Um, some of them
are designed to fit as many people in as
they can and and and good for them, but
most reservation systems are designed to
slow down the number of people who are
coming in so that the dishes and the
drinks and whatever it may be are are
done well and done intentionally. Um,
and when there's like a huge swath of
walk-ins on any given night, that's when
the that's when the sort of like um the
production capacities of a kitchen or a
bar get sort of backlogged and they get
sloppy.
>> Tracy, it sort of reminds me a little
bit of like um
our our conversations that we talk about
electricity and grid, which is the
difference between total throughput and
peak throughput, right? And so, you
know, you want an even distribution and
the problems come on that one really hot
day or whatever. And so, yeah, spreading
it out, spreading the demand out is also
a very important consideration in sort
of optimal grid design.
>> Only you would compare the restaurant
business to electricity grids, but it
makes sense. I agree. Um since we since
we're on the topic of reservations, um
one phenomenon of living in a foodie
city is that you have restaurants where
it's very difficult to get a
reservation. And I'm thinking
specifically of Carbone. I would love to
take my husband to Carbone one day, but
my impression of the process to get
space there is that it's so difficult.
It's basically not worth it. And in
fact, in New York, you now have
reservation auctions, people selling
platforms. There's one thing, you know,
there are these one I forget which app
it is where you can get a reservation
fairly easily if you pre-commit to a
minimum spend. So, it's like you
pre-commit to like a $300 spend or
whatever
>> $300 worth of garlic bread
>> and then and then anyway, so
>> first of all, how do I get a reservation
at Carbone? What are your tips? And then
secondly, what do restaurants think of
these like very intense competitions for
seating in the restaurant?
>> Yeah. Um, number one, uh, this is mostly
David Chank's fault, so I hope I hope he
knows that this is entirely his fault.
Uh, Mom Fuku Co was this, um, his like
sort of Michelin starred restaurant. I
think it's closed now. Um, but it was
the first one that I that I knew of at
the time that that did this like um,
there's no way around the reservation
system. Like you have to log on exactly
two weeks before and you have to sort of
win the lottery. There's this famous
story about how his parents couldn't get
a reservation for the first year because
he refused to sort of break out of this
system. [snorts] And so used to you
would like know somebody and you would
shake hands and you would sort of get a
reservation and whatever. Um and this
like super um uh scarcity model sort of
produced this like this this reservation
thing to some extent. Um so how do you
get a reservation? Um a lot of them are
now designed to not have any
workarounds, right? So like knowing
somebody's not going to help you. Um
because if you if you interfere with
that scarcity model, you you interfere
with the entire system. Um and so and so
your best your best luck is to sort of
be online at the right time when they go
live. Um some reservations book a month
out, some book a whole year out, some
book one week out. So understanding
exactly where you are in that process
and when those dates unlock is is sort
of where you want to be. Um, most of
these systems are sort of automatically
ran by Open Table or Resi, and so
they're pretty standardized. A lot of
them are midnight. I think RE's
midnight, and I think Open Table's like
2 a.m. So, understanding that might be
helpful. Um, other than that, there's
there's just like not a lot of ways
around it anymore because of this this
sort of scarcity model that we have to
maintain. Um, that being said, knowing
the owner would help. Um, so go meet the
Tesy brothers, have them on the podcast,
and then see if they can get you a
reservation. That might that might do
it. There's an idea. Very ethical.
>> Yeah.
>> You mentioned David Chang. I just
remembered uh some friends of mine back
when David Chang had um his food
magazine, Lucky Peach. Do you remember
that? It closed down in like 2017, but
uh they used to do dramatic readings of
Lucky Peach. We'd sit there and, you
know, someone would read it out loud in
a really dramatic fashion and it was
hilarious. It was so much fun. I need to
do that again.
>> I think that sounds very fun. Um
>> I love Lucky Peach. still have um every
issue like yeah as like a comp
>> you know what they might be actually
>> those were the good old days we need a
new lucky page um I want to talk a
little bit about more about the labor
market so you talked about the intense
competition for chefs but also you know
there's the competition for a really
high-skilled dishwasher I kind of have
like a two-part question which is like
right now we're recording this December
17th a how does the competition for sort
of maybe you know the not you know the
sort of more everyday restaurant labor
like what does it look like and I'm also
curious um you know uh restaurant
kitchens I suspect are sort of
disproportionately draw from the
immigrant workforce perhaps probably in
many restaurants a lot of undocumented
immigrants um I'm curious if you see any
effect from that and just to the extent
that there is a restaurant ideology
ology or that uh you know and I
associate it obviously as sort of the
crackdown on immigration or the reversal
of un of restraint of unrestrained
immigration as part of the signature
moves of the current political
environment. Could you talk a little bit
about how this all looks from the
perspective of someone who has to staff
a restaurant? Yeah, I mean there there's
an arms race to some extent, right,
which is like traditionally the
restaurant industry has drawn from this
um undocumented labor market. Um and and
that there's obviously less less and
less of those each day right now um for
a multitude of political reasons. Um and
so the the the good restaurant workers
that are left are becoming incredibly
scarce. And so you there's there's huge
incentives to if if if somebody if your
dishwasher comes and asks for a raise,
you just give it to them because you
finding another one like training, you
know, training a new person who's never
done it before, whatever it may be, is
going to take you months. Um and and the
cost will just work out to be exactly
the same as giving the one you have a
raise. Um, and so the the market on
cooks is is you you you know sort of
when I started out the the cook and
dishwasher sort of level of the of the
staffing, not the management level, but
below that um was the average was like
sort of two or three dollars above the
minimum wage. And now it's like at least
it's close to double now, right? Like so
the DC minimum wage is creeping up to 15
and I think our average cooks and
dishwashers are like 26 27 an hour. Um
and so and so that market is becoming
incredibly is is becoming harder and
harder to staff. Um because we, you
know,
there was decades of sort of training
this undocumented community on how to do
these tasks and now all of that sort of
like human capacity, all of that
training has been pushed out. Um and so
for the ones who are documented, the
ones who stayed or or whatever it may
be, their their prices and their value
are skyrocketing because it's because
there's just less and less of them. and
that that time that was spent training,
whether it was at sort of at Applebee's
or a restaurant like mine or or whatever
it may be, those years and years of of
training um are becoming harder and
harder to find. You can't just like
replace that in six months. Like you
can't teach um I can't
with with a dishwasher, maybe with with
a cook, I can't take a guy who works at
um you know, Dunkin Donuts or whatever
and train him to be like a French line
cook in less than a year. um it's going
to take a long time to get him sort of
to where he can do things to order and
be useful. Um and so there's a lot of
just training that's gone. Um and it's
been great for the wages of the people
who are still here. Um but it is it is
really competitive right now.
>> One notable thing about Butterworths is
it's in a really cool building, like a
historic building, and the decor is
really nice. Um, Joe knows that I'm into
interior decorating. So, you know,
you've got the antler chandeliers and
the sort of plush seats and all of that.
How important is the I guess the vibe of
the restaurant to the overall business?
>> Massively important, right? like um the
the I think these days I spend as much
time thinking about lighting and volume
level and like spacing out of seats and
and and whether or not you can hear the
person you're talking to and that stuff
as I do about the food.
>> Wow.
>> Um because again this this there there's
this sort of arc that started in
>> the foodie thing sort of started in 2008
um with the with the housing crisis and
the and the real estate bubble. Um, and
so all of a sudden all of these young,
ambitious chefs could afford to go open
a restaurant and and they hired cooks
beneath them. Um, and they trained those
cooks. So we got a a sort of a wealth of
good cooks and and good people that went
on to be chefs. Um, and so that foodie
thing that we saw in the mid as um,
produced a ton of really good food like
we we were better off because of it. Um,
and but now sort of real estate and and
those things are back to where they were
in that way. Um, before that. And so now
your competitive advantage isn't just
that your food's good because good food
is easier and easier to come by. Like
you can you can find a good chef in any
neighborhood, but you're but you need a
competitive advantage because rents are
sort of back to where they, you know,
were or whatever and they're very
incredibly expensive right now. And so
you're oh, we have the best food in town
like doesn't work doesn't work anymore,
right? So, like you have to combine the
best food with a comfortable place to
hang out or with a specific social scene
or with a whatever it may be.
>> You mentioned lighting.
How much of that when you think about
lighting, how much is it about the
experience of the diners that night
versus lighting for Instagrammability or
Tik Tok or whatever it is? And how do
you think about the fact that part of
eating is creating social content and
how does that factor into your strategy
and thinking about the overall vibe?
>> So I I think a lot about it and you you
saw this again with that sort of like
the foodie thing. The restaurants were
incredibly bright and this Scandinavian
minimalism thing was um a trend at the
time but also lent itself to Instagram
and like posting minimalism. I really
do.
>> I can't stand it. Um it but it lent
itself to sort of photography and that
and those sort of things incredibly well
because you had these bright natural
light restaurants and you could sort of
photograph something top down in a way
and it would look really good on
Instagram. Um and so to say I don't
think about it or I don't want to be a
part of that is not true because what
I'm actually trying to do is the exact
opposite which is like our food
photographs terribly. If you have photos
on your phone from that night they
probably look awful. Um, but it's this
it's a reaction to that thing which is
like um
I want to feel like something sort of
before that date or something sort of
more classic or more timeless than that.
Um the the the rule of thumb I I worked
for this um this great really good
restaurant tour um named Brendan who's
down in Florida now. So if you're ever
in Destin and you find a good
restaurant, he probably owns it. Um, but
his rule of thumb was uh like if it's if
it's too bright to reasonably get away
with giving a hand job, then it's too
bright in the restaurant. [laughter]
>> It's not what I thought you were going
to say, but thumb. It's good to
>> But if you if you tell that to your
staff, they never forget. Like you'll
never come into Butterworth so it'll be
too bright because they won't forget
that one.
>> Thank you for changing my restaurant
experience forever.
>> There's a really good breakfast place in
Connecticut that I like to go to. The
food's amazing. The service is
excellent, but the decor is terrible.
It's like gray vinyl flooring and just
white walls. And every time I'm in
there, I'm like,
>> they should let me redecorate. I would
do it for free just to enjoy it a bit
more.
>> And Tracy, you know, how much I loathe
the degree to which the built
environment has been designed for. Like,
you've heard me like rant about
Millennial Pink and all of these all of
these design cliche. I know, but these
design elements that are just so clearly
designed to be a backdrop for someone's
Instagram and the way our whole real
life has been reoriented for photo for
social photography drives me crazy. And
I do appreciate any
anything that just like this looks like
the pre iPhone era. You know what I'm
saying?
>> Absolutely. Um, one thing I wanted to
ask is, you know, we talked about the
clientele earlier and, you know, you got
some well-known people into the
restaurant. Do you try to I'm trying to
think like directly
publicize that or like monetize that? If
Steve Bannon comes in for the first
time, what do you do?
>> So, it's it's actually the exact
opposite. And um on some level I'm
grateful that the media at large has
done this for us because it's as a
restaurant tour it's like really
embarrassing to do that. Um and so the
my big fear is if you have a major
client um you know u Nancy Pelosi was
like a regular one of my older
restaurants. The the big fear is if the
people find out they're there, they'll
start coming to interrupt her in the
middle of dinner.
>> Um and and then that person's gone. And
I've watched it happen with restaurants
over and over again. Um, and that that
can range from like a famous person to
um, you know, if your if your bar gets
known for having like pretty women at
the bar, like all of a sudden it's like
70% male and the pretty women are
[laughter] gone. Uh, this is this is
this is like a reality of this thing,
right? Which is like they're there
because um, nobody's bothering them
there and they get to be normal and and
sort of human. Um, and so in some ways
it's been an incredible thing for us
that the the the sort of media has
picked up on this and and that they're
they're happy to to sort of write about
it because it does bring in new
customers who are looking for that
specific thing. Um, but at the same
time, you're you're always afraid of
losing those customers. So for me
specifically, I would never ever in a
million years be like, "Hey, Politico,
by the way, like in the spotted um you
know, Marco Rubio having dinner with his
family." Um because then you'll just
never see that customer again. And
that's that's a that's a terrible thing
to do to somebody.
>> It's funny you said Marco. I was
literally just going to use Marco in my
example. The question I was going to
ask. So you're there the chef. Someone
says, "Oh, by the way, uh Marco Rubio is
in the dining room tonight. Do you want
to do anything different?"
>> So at that point, it's the same thing
with a food critic. At that point, it's
too late to do anything different. So
much of cooking and so much of um
>> of preparing food for a restaurant
happens before the first diner sits
down, right? Like if you're brazing
something, you you take, you know, the 4
hours it takes to braze that thing and
then the service starts and you're
you're basically just sort of heating up
at that point. So there's not a lot you
can do on the food level, but there is
the sort of like minor details around
the around the edges, which is like,
okay, the plate's going to be a little
bit cleaner. Um you know, you're going
to let the server know. Um, so one of
the funniest ones is we had um the
ambassador from the UK in early on. Um,
and I didn't know who he was. And so I
was I was like, "Hey, what's up, man?"
[laughter] All the all the British
people were like, "Well, you're supposed
to say sir, whatever the title, I don't
even remember at this point cuz I don't
care." Um, but you know, I use the wrong
greetings and there's a whole proper
greeting etiquette that I just didn't
know. And so you you do sort of try to
let the servers in and in in the in the
front of house know that sort of thing
because it's just embarrassing for them
if you don't.
>> You mentioned Pretty Women at the Bar.
So now I have to ask uh I I imagine
running a restaurant you see some
interesting things go down and you
probably hear a lot of interesting
conversations. What's the most dramatic
incident or um intriguing conversation
that you've seen? [laughter]
>> Um what's what's this is so funny. So
the the the sort of political era we're
in now where that's seems to be all
anyone talks about um is is incredibly
uh uh boring to me. Um so there's a lot
of like there's a lot of sort of like
political arguments or deal making that
happens um at the restaurants in DC. Um
whereas like sort of this pre this era I
had a nightclub restaurant lounge thing
in Adams Morgan where like
semi-regularly
um a a sort of a male this one I'm
specifically thinking about this um
woman came in with her she was in a
relationship and she was having an
affair and so she came in with her
affair partner and was seated next to a
guy who was also having an affair.
um which was her partner. Um and so they
were seated right next to each other.
[laughter]
>> Wow.
>> Um and had to like we had to find the
bouncers and sort of drag all of those
people out because the the sort of
arguments and the yelling at each other
started um was was just over the top and
ridiculous.
>> I don't know. I feel like maybe there'd
be a good way to discover that it's
like, okay, let's just call it a wash
here. We're [snorts] both um Hey, we
we're both guilty.
>> Yeah, we're both guilty. All right, I
have I I actually have like a million
more questions. I'm mindful of the time.
I have one last that's sort of like
maybe an important macroeconomic
question. So Butterwarts hasn't been
open that long, but you've been in the
business for a long time. And one of the
things that we talk about a lot is, you
know, in the 2021 2022 era, one of the
phenomenons of that time was for the
first time in maybe many people's lives,
if they were a small business owner, it
may have been the first time that you
couldn't just put a sign in the window
saying help wanted and expect a lot of
people to show up. It was an era of
labor scarcity the likes of which we
hadn't seen in decades. And maybe people
never had to contemplate that
possibility before. And the question
we've been wrestling with and asking a
lot of people is like what are the sort
of scars from that period, the traumas
of that period and how do they carry
over? Had did your has your experience
of that time of realizing that you could
wake up and might literally not be able
to perhaps staff a restaurant that day
so that you can function has it stayed
with you to now in such a way that you
think strategically different about
things like optimal staffing levels or
optimal inventory or anything like that?
Did it change the way you do business in
some sort of lasting way?
>> Yeah, in a ton of ways. Um I'm not even
sure which one to start with. Uh so so
number one um I have if you if you came
to the restaurant tonight and you went
into the kitchen it's the exact same
people that worked with me the day CO
started. Um and so I've kept kept them
in various ways through multiple
restaurants um because I watched all my
other friends sort of lose cooks and and
dishwashers and and whatever um during
that time and not be able to get them
back. And so there like a a chef designs
a dish and and maybe even does a bunch
of the prep, but at the end of the day,
you're still putting it at the hands of
your staff to do it do do it right when
it when an order comes in. Um, and I saw
the the the wholesale quality of their
food plummet because they all of a
sudden they were handing it to people
they didn't train. Um, and so through a
number of reasons got really lucky, kept
a lot of those people and I will keep
them as long as as I possibly can. um
because to train a new generation after
them myself would just I mean I'm I'm
almost too late in my career to do it.
Um and so that's that's a big thing. We
did see a huge exit of like management
level staff during that time. So if
you're a really good front of house
staffer, if you're a really good waiter,
really good manager, really good
bartender, uh turns out you're also a
great salesman. So a lot of them went
into real estate and and sales and and
whatever it may be. And so there is if
you if if you're at restaurants now and
you're like why is service so bad.
Number one, uh they're underst staffed
because labor has become so expensive
that they're trying to get more tables
out of one server. Number two, the
people that they spent training to do
those front house jobs exited that
entire economy during co because we were
I mean we were sort of front lines of
this thing happening. We were expected
to be open every day but without any
staff or money to do it with. Um, and
so, and so a lot of like the best
Somalia, the best front of house
managers totally exited the market. So,
those are still hard to find. Um, and we
struggle with it all the time. I'm I've
I've got a good front of house manager
right now. I'm really lucky. But, it
took us I he's our third one in one year
because they're just really hard to
find. Um, the talent pool for that is is
is really empty right now. Um, and then
the cost of goods has just never
recovered. Um and so sort of like you
know when it started we were like oh you
know supply chains are bad right now
because of shipping or whatever it may
be and um they they'll go back down on
you know whatever it was frier oil. This
is a big part of the beef tallow thing
um with the fries is I buy the cows from
this farmer so I also get a good price
on his tallow because I sort of buy the
whole thing. Um, but most friars in, you
know, in any restaurant in the entire
world are filled with canola oils that
are that are sort of globally processed,
right? And so during COVID, you saw
these things go up in price and and you
were told they were going to come down
and it's shipping containers, whatever
it may be. They never they never came
down. It cost an unbelievable. It's like
200 bucks a night to fill a fryer or
something like that. Um, and so we
that's when I sort of started the switch
to beef towel and all that because I was
like, "Okay, well, I know this guy. he's
30 miles away or whatever. I'm I'm gonna
just buy all his entire product and keep
the supply chain like one to one. Um so
there's there's just all kinds of of of
things that happened during CO that
we're still recovering from, but the big
ones are the staffing and cost of goods.
Obviously,
>> vertical integration. Um there's one
more macro one more macro question that
we got to ask. We talked about the
supply side, but what are you seeing on
the demand side in terms of customers
coming in and ordering? And how
connected would you say you are to the
broader business cycle? Because I
imagine, you know, if you're running a
McDonald's franchise, you probably
experience the business cycle in a very
different way to someone who's running a
boutique restaurant.
>> Yeah. So, my understanding just, you
know, from other restaurant tours and
the news and stuff is that it's it's
down right now. Um, and that I think
reservations are down like 15% from last
year is what most people are reporting.
Um, we're in a very special
circumstance. Obviously, we're new and
we're a we're at the end of the day a
luxury item and so, you know, Hermes
prices never dropped once and Hermes
demand never dropped once during co like
this is this is sort of like the the the
side of the business that we're in and
we're lucky to be in and I hope we can
stay in it. Um, so for us it's it's it's
a totally different ballgame. My
understanding is that that reservations
are way down, spending is way down um
across the board. Yeah. Uh, I just have
one last question and um, I'll give you
a chance to sort of like really let your
right-wing side come out. Um, health
code violations and permitting and all
that stuff. Of course, those are some of
the most uncomfortable scenes if you
watch that show, The Bear. How real is
it from your perspective? Do you want to
rant a about the sort of uh, do you want
to tell us anything about permitting and
such in DC?
>> Yeah, I mean, so number one, the the
bear is fascinating. the the the the
first season that Uber Eats episode. Um
I I still so all of us switched to Uber
Eats and all of these things during co
to figure out how to survive and that
ding that it makes when a new order
comes in still sends me into like a
blackout rage. Uh I remember one time
during co picking up the iPad that the
Uber Eats order came in and just
throwing it in the deep fryer and being
like screw it. I'm not doing this
anymore. Um and so that episode I
watched it with my wife. We um at one
point I was like I think we might have
to turn this off. like I was getting
like too too upset, too anxious because
it was too accurate. It was totally spot
on on what that feels like. Um it with
the with the with the health code
violations and and the and the
permitting and all that stuff. Um
[sighs and gasps]
>> Oh god. Uh
>> is this where we're going to have to
episode? [laughter]
>> I've been I've been doing so good of
what you have.
>> Um I'm trying so hard it's ridiculous.
Um, there was a uh a restaurant tour
that I worked for and um the prep
kitchen was in the basement and it it
wasn't ventilated and I was like, "How
how did you get a permit for this?" And
he was like, "Well, we put $10,000 in a
briefcase." And gave it to the guy and
that's how we have this this so if you
go down to city hall and you pull the
records for the building, this basement
doesn't even exist. Um, and [snorts]
this was like less than 12 years ago. Um
and so
and so that obviously doesn't seem like
an ideal system, but to do that same
thing at the restaurant we have now um
took us almost 8 months to get the
single permit for that. And so there's
sometimes where you're like, was it
better when we just put some cash in a
briefcase? Like I'm not entirely sure
what we're doing here. Um because you're
paying rent that entire eight months at
that point, you know, $10,000 is a lot
cheaper than you know, whatever your
rent is x8 months. Um, and yeah, it's
this it's this strange thing. I'm I'm
not sure what sort of like don't say
that. Uh, what sort of make work job it
is for the city to have these health
inspectors that come by and say the same
thing every single time, which is like
um, hey, by the way, like you're all
like they put a thermometer in all your
food, which is hypothetically for food
safety, but you know, all the halfdecent
restaurants are fine, so like what are
you doing here? I saw you last month.
They were the right temperature last
month. Can you leave me alone? Um, but
it's really the permitting process
because you're you're in this race
against your landlord to open before you
start paying them. And um,
getting 17 different permits to like
have a a basement or have a closet or
whatever it may be. Um, is is is
legitimately uh stopping new restaurants
from opening. So, it's it's it's it's
pretty miserable. Um, and that's just
that's not left or rightwing. That's
just like really like sort of like a
technocrat would be better in this
regard, right? like it's like, "Please
let me get my permit a little bit
faster." Um, or a mob system, right?
Like, uh, my understanding is from my
friends in Montreal is that it's still
very much a mob system. And so they go,
"Yeah, well, we still put some cash in a
briefcase and then boom, we're open in a
month." Um, so so you know, let's pick
one of those. But this middle ground
right now where like it's just like
three guys in an office who are
completely um, God, they're going to
come like inspect me this week for
saying this. Uh, like three guys in an
office who are all idiots is just is is
miserable. Yeah, you're definitely gonna
get a visit, I think.
>> Well, that's your problem.
>> Yeah, whatever. [laughter] Who cares?
>> Bart Hutchkins, that was fantastic.
Thank you so much for uh coming on
OddLos. That was a lot of fun.
>> Yeah, it was good to talk to you guys.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Thanks, guys.
>> I love restaurant episodes. I mean, I
love restaurants, but I love restaurant.
I've just always learned so much talking
to these guys.
>> We could do like a spin-off series or
something. No, they're incredibly
informative uh in terms of the
macroeconomic environment, but also all
these little themes that we talk about
on odd lots like the supply chain, like
labor hoarding, like to your point
distribution of resources such as
energy.
>> No, I actually I had never thought about
that time because obviously I presume a
a restaurant wants all tables filled at
any given time, right? But I had never
really thought about the thing you have
to have them staggered.
so that you do not have all the cocktail
orders come out all the same. I had
never thought about that and the sort of
risk of like demand spikes. You have the
system designed for some optimal
throughput and so you but the idea of
like you don't want it all at the same
time. Very very intuitive I suppose. I
just it hadn't occurred to me before.
>> Um did you watch the bear? You must
have.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah.
>> I had to stop watching because it was so
stressful and it was so many people
shouting at each other. I just I
couldn't do it after the first season.
>> It's funny how like basically everyone
we talked to is like, "Yep, it's exactly
how it is." And it's super difficult
that And um have you watched The Pit, by
the way?
>> No, but you keep recommending that.
>> It's good. There's a new season starting
soon, but uh I, you know, I was talking
to a friend of mine who works at one of
the NYU medical facilities, but he had
the same reaction like, "He can't watch
that." I as a consumer of TV shows to my
mind that's a very good sign when people
say no I can't watch this it's too real
like okay I'm not getting something um
overly dramatic.
>> Yeah I'm going to put the pit on my list
but this is something that stands out
whenever we do a restaurant episode
which is there's an intensity about the
job and in many ways it's a unique
industry because the profit margins
aren't that big. You're probably doing
it for something other than money.
You're selecting your ingredients
usually often because you want to make
the best menu item possible. Not
necessarily again because it's going to
produce the most profit and you
basically dedicate your entire life to
this undertaking. Right.
>> It's also weird to Absolutely. It's
interesting to think about um you know
what is a chef? You think it's like oh
this is someone who makes good food,
right? But then the idea is like that
the chef then has to think about
lighting the all these other things that
do not strictly fall under what we think
of as the making of food. I don't there
were so many interesting things. I mean
the other um it's so interesting how
many trends seem to date back to 2008.
And so part of the story there was like
okay there's a lot of cheap rents
restaurants can open up. But it's also
the truth that media is was such at the
time because of the invention of the
iPhone and so forth that like foodie
culture was like a thing in the media,
right? And all these all these different
crosswinds that happen and at certain
key points that make it difficult to
disentangle history. I don't know. That
was just a really fun episode. I felt
like I learned quite a bit in that one.
Oh, and also the the burger the burger
crowing was something I'd never known
about before.
>> Yeah, that makes sense. intuitively. Um,
I got to say though, it makes you wonder
what comes next. So, like we've
perfected food.
>> A lot of restaurants have perfected the
vibes or certainly pay attention to it
more than they used to. What comes next,
do you think?
[sighs]
>> I don't know. What do you think? Do you
have some thought? Do you have some um
>> I I mean, I'd like it to be service. I
worry that it's going to be like some
customization thing, which I hate. Oh
yeah,
>> we shouldn't give customers options. I
hate that.
>> No, I don't like I I don't like I don't
like choice.
>> Yeah, that's right. That's right. Okay,
shall we leave it there?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> This has been another episode of the All
Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy Aloway. You
can follow me at Traceeway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart. Follow our guest,
Bert Hutchkins. He is at WhiteGuyFi.
Follow our producers, Carmen Rodriguez,
at Kerman, Dashel Bennett at Dashbot,
and Kaleb Brooks at Kaleb Brooks. And if
you enjoy OddLots, if you want more
OddLots content, you should definitely
check out our daily newsletter. That is
at bloomberg.coms.
And you can chat with fellow listeners
247 in our Discord, discord.gg/odlots.
>> And if you liked this conversation,
please leave a comment or like the
video, or better yet, subscribe.
>> Thanks for watching. [music]
>> [music]